okay guys it's starfox hero again and
well let's wrap this up I got to get to
walkthrough over with and I showed you
all the locations to the blue ghosts and
the gold mice
so hopefully this walkthrough has helped
you
now I know what you're thinking Luigi's
Mansion is a simple game I mean a
toddler could beat it but I'm just
showing you like different things you
can do I tell you tips little secrets
here and there so well I'm just trying
to help you get a better score that's
all
I mean um everyone has played this game
I'm sure at least everyone I know but
you know like I said I'm just showing
you secrets and you know a little stuff
like that but before this game is over
with its boss battle time
and now we fight the ultimate boss but
besides Ganondorf Bowser Oh
and besides Ganondorf and Andros enemies
and the battle takes place on the roof
and don't ask me why but for some reason
Bowser is huge
I mean he's twice literally twice the
size of the Super Mario 64 Bowser
so let's begin make sure you keep a
distance when he's breathing fire and
then when he shoots those spikeball
thing is that you make sure you don't do
that make sure you suck up the closest
one and fire it back at his head and try
not to catch on fire and then you suck
up King Boo Boo's 500 HP and while
you're trying to suck them up make sure
you avoid Bowser's ice breath
and then the cycle repeats
Wow why do I keep doing that excuse me
and then fire it at his head again and
kingboo comes out oh oh where was I
sorry about that yeah try not to move
around when Kingu comes out and then the
cycle repeats itself another time yeah
why is this happening oh yes
fifty-five
Oh Ichi powder that
oh you know you cheap too can do done it
yeah and then eventually Bowser's head
goes on backwards and he starts charging
around so just try and stand here in a
corner or something and certain pillars
give you hearts here in there yet others
give you that mushroom
oh I ain't gonna touch him ha ha and it
gives you a red diamond yeah at first I
didn't know his his crowd counted as a
money piece it turns out it does and
then Bowser is dead at least I think he
did so then the professor who graduates
you yeah I'm just rushing through this
cuz I want to get this done I mean it's
taking me like 30 parts already to do a
simple Luigi's Mansion walkthrough and
then Luigi gets Mario is painting back
and the